so I got the latest in Style magazine
and guess what going to be seeing plenty
of colors this spring if you haven't
already now let's talk about it this
season is all about colors coloring
cellar stairs like the rainbow exploded
sounds like a skittles commercial yes
boys and girls it's time to put a little
color in your wardrobe so let's dive in
after reading the April issue of instyle
it was inspired to do some research and
recently I stepped into one of gaps
concept stores here in LA and sure
enough color with everywhere friends and
women's colored pants is what I want to
talk about today you can pretty much
find these anywhere but I chose gap
because they fit my moody better anyways
here are some gap khakis for men that
will make you reminisce about your
crayons when you were in grade school
right here you're looking at some blue
khakis priced at 5995 this is definitely
casual so it's not something you'd wear
to work but I definitely ways to any
outdoor activity like hitting up a party
or go into the mall with your friends I
chose this shirt because orange and blue
make a great color combination and I
chose this plaid shirt to help tone down
the brightness just a tad and finally
I'd accessorize with a cool-looking
fedora trust me the girl will be all
over you like moths to the flame also
they come in many colors as you can see
now for the girls pretty much the same
as the guys except 10 times brighter
right here are you looking at pink
skinny jeans also % 5995 doesn't case
you're wondering once again I just want
to reiterate that you can find these
jeans anywhere i justjust gap because
they fit me better as you can see pink
and gray are a great color combination
I paired it with this gray cardigan but
it also goes great with a plain white
tee as well these pants are casual and
can pretty much be worn anywhere as you
can see if there's a variety of colors
to choose from anyways that's it for
today's video let me know in the
comments below what your favorite
colored pants are make sure to thumbs up
the video and don't forget to click
Subscribe if you want to see future
videos that's it for today's show thanks
again for watching see you guys next
time